Topic: Virtually all of Stanford's undergraduates live on campus. Write a note to your future
roommate that reveals something about you or that will help your roommate - and us - know you
better.
Name: William Huang
Dear Roommate,
 I always have a smile on my face. Whether it’s early in the morning or late at night, I’m 
always a happy person. In the morning you may see me reading the news or checking up on the 
week’s weather. I like to know what’s going on in the world, whether it be national or just local. 
In the afternoon, I might take a trip to the recreation center or take a bike ride around campus. 
After I finish my work at night, I might go out with friends for a cup of tea before I go to bed.
 Despite my skinny appearance, I have a humongous craving for food, especially soup. I enjoy
all types of soup. My mom often calls me the “soup tank,” referring to how whenever the rest of 
my family doesn’t want the soup anymore, they just give it to me to finish it off. In fact, once I 
drank eight bowls of soup in one meal! During my time here, I will definitely explore the 
restaurants around Stanford and Palo Alto tasting the kinds of soup they have to offer, and you 
can come along with me!
 For leisure, I love to dance. I was introduced to the art in eighth grade and it has been one of 
my passions ever since. In high school, I headed an organization called Dancing for a Cause. We 
performed shows and donated all the money that we fundraised to charity. Dancing for a Cause 
really made an impact and I plan to begin a chapter here at Stanford as well. Besides being my 
favored form of artistic expression, dancing is also a great workout! If I have a free afternoon, I 
will probably be in a dance room just grooving.
 As a person, I am extremely welcoming so don’t hesitate to come to me if you have any 
questions on homework or even personal issues. Ultimately, as Stanford roommates, we’re 
taking this journey side by side. I’m very eager to get to know you and share this unique college 
experience together.